demo/cts_poc/README.md, before:

# CTS PoC Demo

This demo provides a simple and generic Proof of Concept for a Code Transparency Service (CTS) using the SCITT CCF ledger. The scripts provided in this folder allow configuring a new SCITT CCF instance, generating and submitting claims in COSE format, getting a SCITT receipt for a submitted claim, and verifying the receipt validity. 

## Prerequisites

- A Certificate Authority (CA) certificate and private key are required to configure the SCITT instance. The CA certificate and private key must be provided by the SCITT Operator. For getting a sample pair for testing purposes, you can use the script [cacerts-generator.sh](./cacerts-generator.sh).

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `CACERT_OUTPUT_DIR`: Path to the output directory where the CA certificate and private key files will be stored

    Example command:

    ```bash
    CACERT_OUTPUT_DIR="demo-poc/x509_roots" ./demo/cts_poc/cacerts-generator.sh
    ```

- Access to the CCF member certificate and private key is required to submit proposals to the CCF network. The provided member must be registered into the target CCF network. For a local SCITT instance (e.g., after running the [start.sh](../../start.sh) script), the member certificate and private key are generated automatically and stored in the `workspace` folder (`member0_cert.pem` and `member0_privk.pem`). For a remote SCITT instance, the member certificate and private key must be provided by the SCITT Operator. 

## Instructions

All the commands must be run from the root of the repository.

### CTS Operator

1. Start a new CCF network with a single member. For a local instance, run the following commands (set the `PLATFORM` variable first):

    ```bash
    export PLATFORM=<virtual|sgx>
    ./build.sh
    ./start.sh
    ```

    Alternatively, set the `SCITT_URL` variable if you are targeting a remote instance already deployed and publicly accessible:

    ```
    export SCITT_URL=<address>
    ```

    If the `SCITT_URL` variable is not set, the scripts will target a local instance by default (`http://localhost:8000`).

2. Run the [`operator-demo.sh`](operator-demo.sh) script to activate the CCF member, configure the SCITT instance, and open the CCF network (all operations are idempotent and can be run on an already-configured instance, if needed).

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `MEMBER_CERT_PATH`: Path to the member certificate PEM file.

    - `MEMBER_KEY_PATH`: Path to the member private key PEM file.

    - `CACERT_PATH`: Path to the CA certificate PEM file.

    - `SCITT_CONFIG_PATH`: Path to the SCITT configuration JSON file. The JSON file needs to contain only the content of the `set_scitt_configuration` action. For example:

        ```json
        {
           "authentication": {
               "allow_unauthenticated": true
           }
        }
        ```

        Please refer to [this document](../../docs/configuration.md#scitt-configuration) for more details on the configuration options.

    Example command:

    ```bash
    MEMBER_CERT_PATH="workspace/member0_cert.pem" MEMBER_KEY_PATH="workspace/member0_privk.pem" CACERT_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert.pem" SCITT_CONFIG_PATH="demo-poc/configs/scitt_config.json" ./demo/cts_poc/operator-demo.sh
    ```

### CTS client

1. You can skip this step, if you already have a valid COSE claim to submit. Generate a valid COSE claim to submit to the SCITT ledger by running the [`claim-generator.sh`](claim-generator.sh) script.

    > **Note**: if you want to generate a signed claim for a container image, you can use the [notary-sign.sh](notary-sign.sh) script. Please refer to the [Notary signing](#notary-signing) section for more details.

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `CACERT_PATH`: Path to the CA certificate PEM file.
        - Alternatively, if you prefer to specify a DID document to generate the signed claim, you can pass it through the `DID_DOC` variable.

    - `PRIVATE_KEY_PATH`: Path to the CA private key PEM file.

    - `CLAIM_CONTENT_PATH`: Path to the JSON/text file containing the claim content. For example:

        ```json
        {
            "foo": "bar"
        }
        ```

    - `COSE_CLAIMS_OUTPUT_PATH`: Path to the output file where the COSE file containing the signed claim will be stored.

    - `CLAIM_CONTENT_TYPE`: Optionally, you can provide the content type of the claim content. If not provided, the content type will be set to `application/json` by default.
    
    Example command:

    ```bash
    CACERT_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert.pem" PRIVATE_KEY_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert_privk.pem" CLAIM_CONTENT_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.json" COSE_CLAIMS_OUTPUT_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.cose" ./demo/cts_poc/claim-generator.sh
    ```

2. Submit the COSE claim to the SCITT ledger and verify a receipt for the committed transaction by running the [`client-demo.sh`](client-demo.sh) script.

    The script will submit the COSE claim to the SCITT ledger and will wait for a receipt to be generated. Once the receipt is generated, the script will print the CBOR receipt in a readable format, and verify the receipt validity.

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `COSE_CLAIMS_PATH`: Path to the COSE file containing the signed claim.

    - `OUTPUT_FOLDER`: Path to the folder where script artifacts (e.g., the receipt file) will be stored.

    Example command:

    ```bash
    COSE_CLAIMS_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.cose" OUTPUT_FOLDER="test-folder" ./demo/cts_poc/client-demo.sh
    ```

### Notary signing

If you want to generate a signature with a self-signed certificate in Azure Key Vault for a container image present in an Azure Container Registry, you can use the [notary-sign.sh](notary-sign.sh) script. The script uses [Notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) to create the image signature in ACR using the input Key Vault certificate. It then uses [ORAS](https://oras.land/) to fetch the image signature as a COSE object, ready to be submitted to a SCITT ledger.

The process to sign a container image with Notation and Azure Key Vault using a self-signed certificate is documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push). Please note that a pre-requisite for this script is to have a Key Vault instance with a self-signed certificate compatible with the [Notary Project certificate requirements](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/main/specs/signature-specification.md#certificate-requirements). You can find more information on how to create a compatible self-signed certificate in AKV [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push#create-a-self-signed-certificate-in-akv-azure-cli). 

For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

- `AKV_NAME`: Name of the Azure Key Vault instance where the certificate is stored.
- `CERTIFICATE_NAME`: Name of the certificate stored in the Azure Key Vault instance.
- `CERTIFICATE_VERSION`: Version of the certificate stored in the Azure Key Vault instance.
- `ACR_NAME`: Name of the Azure Container Registry instance where the image is stored.
- `IMAGE_REPOSITORY`: ACR repository of the image to sign.
- `IMAGE_TAG`: Tag of the image to sign.
- `IMAGE_DIGEST`: Digest of the image to sign.
- `SIGNATURE_OUTPUT_PATH`: Path to the output file where the COSE file containing the image signature will be stored.

Commit message:

Support normal claims signing with AKV

demo/cts_poc/README.md, after:

# CTS PoC Demo

This demo provides a simple and generic Proof of Concept for a Code Transparency Service (CTS) using the SCITT CCF ledger. The scripts provided in this folder allow configuring a new SCITT CCF instance, generating and submitting claims in COSE format, getting a SCITT receipt for a submitted claim, and verifying the receipt validity. 

## Prerequisites

- A Certificate Authority (CA) certificate and private key are required to configure the SCITT instance. The CA certificate and private key must be provided by the SCITT Operator. For getting a sample pair for testing purposes, you can use the script [cacerts-generator.sh](./cacerts-generator.sh).

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `CACERT_OUTPUT_DIR`: Path to the output directory where the CA certificate and private key files will be stored

    Example command:

    ```bash
    CACERT_OUTPUT_DIR="demo-poc/x509_roots" ./demo/cts_poc/cacerts-generator.sh
    ```

- Access to the CCF member certificate and private key is required to submit proposals to the CCF network. The provided member must be registered into the target CCF network. For a local SCITT instance (e.g., after running the [start.sh](../../start.sh) script), the member certificate and private key are generated automatically and stored in the `workspace` folder (`member0_cert.pem` and `member0_privk.pem`). For a remote SCITT instance, the member certificate and private key must be provided by the SCITT Operator. 

## Instructions

All the commands must be run from the root of the repository.

### CTS Operator

1. Start a new CCF network with a single member. For a local instance, run the following commands (set the `PLATFORM` variable first):

    ```bash
    export PLATFORM=<virtual|sgx>
    ./build.sh
    ./start.sh
    ```

    Alternatively, set the `SCITT_URL` variable if you are targeting a remote instance already deployed and publicly accessible:

    ```
    export SCITT_URL=<address>
    ```

    If the `SCITT_URL` variable is not set, the scripts will target a local instance by default (`http://localhost:8000`).

2. Run the [`operator-demo.sh`](operator-demo.sh) script to activate the CCF member, configure the SCITT instance, and open the CCF network (all operations are idempotent and can be run on an already-configured instance, if needed).

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `MEMBER_CERT_PATH`: Path to the member certificate PEM file.

    - `MEMBER_KEY_PATH`: Path to the member private key PEM file.

    - `CACERT_PATH`: Path to the CA certificate PEM file.

    - `SCITT_CONFIG_PATH`: Path to the SCITT configuration JSON file. The JSON file needs to contain only the content of the `set_scitt_configuration` action. For example:

        ```json
        {
           "authentication": {
               "allow_unauthenticated": true
           }
        }
        ```

        Please refer to [this document](../../docs/configuration.md#scitt-configuration) for more details on the configuration options.

    Example command:

    ```bash
    MEMBER_CERT_PATH="workspace/member0_cert.pem" MEMBER_KEY_PATH="workspace/member0_privk.pem" CACERT_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert.pem" SCITT_CONFIG_PATH="demo-poc/configs/scitt_config.json" ./demo/cts_poc/operator-demo.sh
    ```

### CTS client

1. You can skip this step, if you already have a valid COSE claim to submit. Generate a valid COSE claim to submit to the SCITT ledger by running the [`claim-generator.sh`](claim-generator.sh) script.

    > **Note**: if you want to generate a signed claim for a container image, you can use the [notary-sign.sh](notary-sign.sh) script. Please refer to the [Notary signing](#notary-signing) section for more details.

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - One of the following, mutually-exclusive variables: 
        - `CACERT_PATH`: To sign with a local x509 certificate. This should be the path to a valid CA certificate PEM file.
        - `DID_DOC_PATH`: To sign with a DID. This should be the path to a valid DID document.
        - `AKV_CONFIGURATION_PATH`: To sign with a certificate and key in Azure Key Vault. This should be a path to a valid JSON file with the following format:

            ```json
            {
                "keyVaultName": "<name>",
                "certificateName": "<key_name>",
                "certificateVersion": "<key_version>"
            }
            ```

            The configuration file must contain the name of the Azure Key Vault instance, the name of the certificate to use for signing, and the version of the certificate to use for signing. 

    - `PRIVATE_KEY_PATH`: Path to the Private key PEM file. This is not required if signing with Azure Key Vault.

    - `CLAIM_CONTENT_PATH`: Path to the JSON/text file containing the claim content. For example:

        ```json
        {
            "foo": "bar"
        }
        ```

    - `COSE_CLAIMS_OUTPUT_PATH`: Path to the output file where the COSE file containing the signed claim will be stored.

    - `CLAIM_CONTENT_TYPE`: Optionally, you can provide the content type of the claim content. If not provided, the content type will be set to `application/json` by default.
    
    Example command:

    ```bash
    CACERT_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert.pem" PRIVATE_KEY_PATH="demo-poc/x509_roots/cacert_privk.pem" CLAIM_CONTENT_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.json" COSE_CLAIMS_OUTPUT_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.cose" ./demo/cts_poc/claim-generator.sh
    ```

2. Submit the COSE claim to the SCITT ledger and verify a receipt for the committed transaction by running the [`client-demo.sh`](client-demo.sh) script.

    The script will submit the COSE claim to the SCITT ledger and will wait for a receipt to be generated. Once the receipt is generated, the script will print the CBOR receipt in a readable format, and verify the receipt validity.

    For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

    - `COSE_CLAIMS_PATH`: Path to the COSE file containing the signed claim.

    - `OUTPUT_FOLDER`: Path to the folder where script artifacts (e.g., the receipt file) will be stored.

    Example command:

    ```bash
    COSE_CLAIMS_PATH="demo-poc/claims/claims.cose" OUTPUT_FOLDER="test-folder" ./demo/cts_poc/client-demo.sh
    ```

### Notary signing

If you want to generate a signature with a self-signed certificate in Azure Key Vault for a container image present in an Azure Container Registry, you can use the [notary-sign.sh](notary-sign.sh) script. The script uses [Notation](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation) to create the image signature in ACR using the input Key Vault certificate. It then uses [ORAS](https://oras.land/) to fetch the image signature as a COSE object, ready to be submitted to a SCITT ledger.

The process to sign a container image with Notation and Azure Key Vault using a self-signed certificate is documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push). Please note that a pre-requisite for this script is to have a Key Vault instance with a self-signed certificate compatible with the [Notary Project certificate requirements](https://github.com/notaryproject/specifications/blob/main/specs/signature-specification.md#certificate-requirements). You can find more information on how to create a compatible self-signed certificate in AKV [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/container-registry/container-registry-tutorial-sign-build-push#create-a-self-signed-certificate-in-akv-azure-cli). 

For running the script, you can provide the following environment variables:

- `AKV_NAME`: Name of the Azure Key Vault instance where the certificate is stored.
- `CERTIFICATE_NAME`: Name of the certificate stored in the Azure Key Vault instance.
- `CERTIFICATE_VERSION`: Version of the certificate stored in the Azure Key Vault instance.
- `ACR_NAME`: Name of the Azure Container Registry instance where the image is stored.
- `IMAGE_REPOSITORY`: ACR repository of the image to sign.
- `IMAGE_TAG`: Tag of the image to sign.
- `IMAGE_DIGEST`: Digest of the image to sign.
- `SIGNATURE_OUTPUT_PATH`: Path to the output file where the COSE file containing the image signature will be stored.
