docs/configuration.md, before:

# SCITT Configuration Guide

When SCITT-CCF nodes are first deployed, they are started with an initial [node configuration](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html).

Members registered in the initial node configuration must then be [activated](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/adding_member.html#activating-a-new-member).

Members can then make and vote on [proposals](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/proposals.html) to update SCITT service configuration.

Once SCITT is appropriately configured members can vote to [open the service](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/open_network.html#opening-the-network).
- Note: SCITT does not require CCF-style "users" to be configured.

## SCITT Configuration

SCITT configuration can be set via the `set_scitt_configuration` action within a governance proposal. Each item in `args.configuration` within `set_scitt_configuration` is a separate configuration option. Existing configuration options are outlined in the sections below.

Example configuration proposal using a JavaScript policy:
```json
{
  "actions": [
    {
      "name": "set_scitt_configuration",
      "args": {
        "configuration": {
          "policy": {
            "policyScript": "export function apply(phdr) { if (!phdr.issuer) {return 'Issuer not found'} else if (phdr.issuer !== 'did:x509:0:sha256:HnwZ4lezuxq/GVcl/Sk7YWW170qAD0DZBLXilXet0jg=::eku:1.3.6.1.4.1.311.10.3.13') { return 'Invalid issuer'; } return true; }"
          },
          "authentication": {
            "allowUnauthenticated": false,
            "jwt": {
              "requiredClaims": {
                "aud": "scitt",
                "iss": "https://authserver.com/",
                "http://unique.claim/department_id": "654987"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Example configuration proposal, using a Rego policy:

```
  "actions": [
    {
      "name": "set_scitt_configuration",
      "args": {
        "configuration": {
          "policy": {
            "policyRego": "\npackage policy\ndefault allow := false\nissuer_allowed if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"].iss == "did:x509:0:sha256:HnwZ4lezuxq_GVcl_Sk7YWW170qAD0DZBLXilXet0jg::eku:1.3.6.1.4.1.311.10.3.13"\n}\nseconds_since_epoch := time.now_ns() / 1000000000\niat_in_the_past if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"].iat < seconds_since_epoch\n}\nsvn_positive if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"]._svn >= 0\n}\nallow if {\n    issuer_allowed\n    iat_in_the_past\n    svn_positive\n}\n"
          },
          "authentication": {
            "allowUnauthenticated": false,
            "jwt": {
              "requiredClaims": {
                "aud": "scitt",
                "iss": "https://authserver.com/",
                "http://unique.claim/department_id": "654987"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## SCITT API Authentication
API authentication can be turned off entirely or JWT authentication can be set up.
Until a JWT provider is configured or API authentication is disabled, the initial configuration rejects all API requests as unauthorized.

### Disabling API Authentication
If API authentication is disabled then requests won't require any form of authentication. (Claims submitted via the API are still validated.)

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"authentication": {
  "allowUnauthenticated": true
}
```

### JWT API Authentication
If JWT authentication is enabled then API requests must include a header containing an acceptable JWT from a trusted identity provider. For more details see the [CCF documentation on JWTs](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/auth/jwt.html).
- JWT providers can be configured via the `set_jwt_issuer` action as explained in the [CCF documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/auth/jwt.html#setting-up-a-token-issuer-with-manual-key-refresh).

Extra `requiredClaims` can be configured which must then be present in an API request's JWT for authentication to succeed.

To enable JWT authentication in SCITT, add the following config to a `set_scitt_configuration` action:
```json
"authentication": {
  "allowUnauthenticated": false,
  "jwt": {
    "requiredClaims": {
      "foo": "bar",
    }
  }
}
```

## Policy object

### Accepted algorithms
List of accepted COSE signature algorithms when verifying signatures in submitted claims.
If not set, the default accepted algorithms are shown in the example snippet below.
- Note: Items in the accepted algorithms list are case sensitive.

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"acceptedAlgorithms": ["ES256", "ES384", "ES512", "PS256", "PS384", "PS512", "EDDSA"]
```

### Policy script
JS code that determines whether an entry should be accepted. Should export an `apply` function taking multiple arguments, and return true if the entry should be accepted or a string describing why the entry has failed the policy.

Policy scripts are executed by the [CCF JavaScript runtime](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/blob/main/include/ccf/js/core/runtime.h), which wraps and extends [QuickJS](https://bellard.org/quickjs/). Most ES2023 features are [supported](https://test262.fyi/#|qjs).

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"policy": {
  "policyScript": "export function apply (phdr, uhdr, payload, details) { return true; }"
}
```

Function argument mapping takes place in [`scitt::js::protected_header_to_js_val()`](https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/app/src/policy_engine.h).

Function arguments:
1. `protected_headers` (Object) representation of the subset of COSE protected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // Algorithm identifier (integer)
      alg?: number,
      
      // Critical headers array
      crit?: Array<number | string>,
      
      // Key ID
      kid?: string,
      
      // Issuer
      issuer?: string,
      
      // Feed
      feed?: string,
      
      // Issued at timestamp
      iat?: number,
      
      // Software version number
      svn?: number,
      
      // Content type (can be integer or string)
      cty?: number | string,
      
      // X.509 certificate chain (array of PEM strings)
      x5chain?: string[],
      
      // CWT Claims object
      cwt: {
        iss?: string,  // Issuer
        sub?: string,  // Subject
        iat?: number,  // Issued at
        svn?: number   // Software version number
      },
      
      // Microsoft CSS Dev TSS Map
      "msft-css-dev": {
        attestation?: ArrayBuffer,
        attestation_type?: string,
        
        // COSE Key object
        cose_key?: {
          kty?: number,           // Key type
          crv?: number,           // Curve (for EC keys)
          n?: ArrayBuffer,        // Modulus (for RSA keys)
          x_e?: ArrayBuffer,      // X coordinate (EC) or exponent (RSA)
          y?: ArrayBuffer         // Y coordinate (EC only)
        },
        
        // SHA-256 hash of COSE key (hex string)
        cose_key_sha256?: string,
        
        snp_endorsements?: ArrayBuffer,
        uvm_endorsements?: ArrayBuffer,
        ver?: number  // Version
      }
    }
    ```

2. `unprotected_headers` (Object) object representation of the subset of COSE unprotected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // X.509 certificate chain (array of PEM strings)
      x5chain?: string[]
    }
    ```

3. `payload` (ArrayBuffer)

    ```
    ArrayBuffer
    ```

4. `verified_sev_snp_details` (Object) present when signature issuer is `did:attestedsvc`, details added after the signature and the attestation verification

    ```
    {
      // Empty object if no attestation details
      // OR if attestation details exist:
      
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 7.3 - Table 23 for the semantics and size of the following fields before their
      // encoding to hex string.

      // Measurement (hex string)
      measurement?: string,
      
      // Report data (hex string)
      report_data?: string,

      // Host data (hex string)
      host_data?: string,

      // Reported TCB
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 2.2 (TCB_VERSION) for the semantics and size of the following fields
      // Note that the fmc field is only present on Turin platforms
      reported_tcb?: {
        microcode: number,   // Lowest current patch level of all cores
        snp: number,         // Security Version Number (SVN) of SNP firmware
        tee: number,         // SVN of PSP operating system
        boot_loader: number, // SVN of PSP bootloader
        fmc?: number,        // SVN of FMC fw
        hexstring: string    // Combined hexstring representation of the fields listed above
                             // Often used as a compact representation in security advisories
      },

      // Product name of the architecture, computed from the CPUID_FAM_ID and CPUID_MOD_ID fields
      // one of "Milan", "Genoa", "Turin".
      product_name?: string,
      
      // See https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64
      // for additional detail on the UVM Endorsements object and reference values for the Confidential ACI platform

      // UVM Endorsements object
      uvm_endorsements?: {
        did: string,   // Decentralized identifier
        feed: string,  // Feed identifier
        svn: string    // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

### Policy Rego
Rego code that determines whether an entry should be accepted. The package must be called "policy", and expose a rule called "allow" that must evaluate to `true` when the value of `input` is acceptable.

Mapping from the Signed Statement to Rego `input` takes place in [`scitt::js::rego_input_from_signed_statement()`](https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/app/src/policy_engine.h).

Attributes in `input` object:
1. `phdr` (Object) representation of the subset of COSE protected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // Algorithm identifier (integer)
      alg: number,
      
      // Content type (can be integer or string)
      cty?: number | string,
      
      // CWT Claims object
      "CWT Claims": {
        iss?: string,  // Issuer
        sub?: string,  // Subject
        iat?: number,  // Issued at
        _svn?: number   // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

2. `payload` (string)

    ```
    Hexadecimal representation
    ```

3. `attestation` (Object) present when signature issuer is `did:attestedsvc`, details added after the signature and the attestation verification

    ```
    {
      // Empty object if no attestation details
      // OR if attestation details exist:
      
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 7.3 - Table 23 for the semantics and size of the following fields before their
      // encoding to hex string.

      // Measurement (hex string)
      measurement?: string,
      
      // Report data (hex string)
      report_data?: string,

      // Host data (hex string)
      host_data?: string,

      // Reported TCB
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 2.2 (TCB_VERSION) for the semantics and size of the following fields
      // Note that the fmc field is only present on Turin platforms
      reported_tcb?: {
        microcode: number,   // Lowest current patch level of all cores
        snp: number,         // Security Version Number (SVN) of SNP firmware
        tee: number,         // SVN of PSP operating system
        boot_loader: number, // SVN of PSP bootloader
        fmc?: number,        // SVN of FMC fw
        hexstring: string    // Combined hexstring representation of the fields listed above
                             // Often used as a compact representation in security advisories
      },

      // Product name of the architecture, computed from the CPUID_FAM_ID and CPUID_MOD_ID fields
      // one of "Milan", "Genoa", "Turin".
      product_name?: string,
      
      // See https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64
      // for additional detail on the UVM Endorsements object and reference values for the Confidential ACI platform

      // UVM Endorsements object
      uvm_endorsements?: {
        did: string,   // Decentralized identifier
        feed: string,  // Feed identifier
        svn: string    // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"policy": {
  "policyRego": "package policy\ndefault allow := false\n allow if input.profile == \"X509\""
}
```

## CCF specific configuration

Please refer to the latest [CCF configuration documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html) to understand all of the possible options.

### Receipt issuance

Receipts can contain the issuer and subject fields identifying the service.

To use the specific values in the receipts please set it through the [CCF v6 configuration](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html):

```json
"cose_signatures": {
  "issuer": "myservicedomain.com",
  "subject": "scitt.ccf.signature.v1"
}
```

Once the value is set, the public keys can be discoverd through the `$issuer/.well-known/transparency-configuration` endpoint.

Commit message:

Add errors to other test policies; description in the doc

docs/configuration.md, after:

# SCITT Configuration Guide

When SCITT-CCF nodes are first deployed, they are started with an initial [node configuration](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html).

Members registered in the initial node configuration must then be [activated](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/adding_member.html#activating-a-new-member).

Members can then make and vote on [proposals](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/proposals.html) to update SCITT service configuration.

Once SCITT is appropriately configured members can vote to [open the service](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/governance/open_network.html#opening-the-network).
- Note: SCITT does not require CCF-style "users" to be configured.

## SCITT Configuration

SCITT configuration can be set via the `set_scitt_configuration` action within a governance proposal. Each item in `args.configuration` within `set_scitt_configuration` is a separate configuration option. Existing configuration options are outlined in the sections below.

Example configuration proposal using a JavaScript policy:
```json
{
  "actions": [
    {
      "name": "set_scitt_configuration",
      "args": {
        "configuration": {
          "policy": {
            "policyScript": "export function apply(phdr) { if (!phdr.issuer) {return 'Issuer not found'} else if (phdr.issuer !== 'did:x509:0:sha256:HnwZ4lezuxq/GVcl/Sk7YWW170qAD0DZBLXilXet0jg=::eku:1.3.6.1.4.1.311.10.3.13') { return 'Invalid issuer'; } return true; }"
          },
          "authentication": {
            "allowUnauthenticated": false,
            "jwt": {
              "requiredClaims": {
                "aud": "scitt",
                "iss": "https://authserver.com/",
                "http://unique.claim/department_id": "654987"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Example configuration proposal, using a Rego policy:

```
  "actions": [
    {
      "name": "set_scitt_configuration",
      "args": {
        "configuration": {
          "policy": {
            "policyRego": "\npackage policy\ndefault allow := false\nissuer_allowed if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"].iss == "did:x509:0:sha256:HnwZ4lezuxq_GVcl_Sk7YWW170qAD0DZBLXilXet0jg::eku:1.3.6.1.4.1.311.10.3.13"\n}\nseconds_since_epoch := time.now_ns() / 1000000000\niat_in_the_past if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"].iat < seconds_since_epoch\n}\nsvn_positive if {\n    input.phdr["CWT Claims"]._svn >= 0\n}\nallow if {\n    issuer_allowed\n    iat_in_the_past\n    svn_positive\n}\n"
          },
          "authentication": {
            "allowUnauthenticated": false,
            "jwt": {
              "requiredClaims": {
                "aud": "scitt",
                "iss": "https://authserver.com/",
                "http://unique.claim/department_id": "654987"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## SCITT API Authentication
API authentication can be turned off entirely or JWT authentication can be set up.
Until a JWT provider is configured or API authentication is disabled, the initial configuration rejects all API requests as unauthorized.

### Disabling API Authentication
If API authentication is disabled then requests won't require any form of authentication. (Claims submitted via the API are still validated.)

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"authentication": {
  "allowUnauthenticated": true
}
```

### JWT API Authentication
If JWT authentication is enabled then API requests must include a header containing an acceptable JWT from a trusted identity provider. For more details see the [CCF documentation on JWTs](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/auth/jwt.html).
- JWT providers can be configured via the `set_jwt_issuer` action as explained in the [CCF documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/build_apps/auth/jwt.html#setting-up-a-token-issuer-with-manual-key-refresh).

Extra `requiredClaims` can be configured which must then be present in an API request's JWT for authentication to succeed.

To enable JWT authentication in SCITT, add the following config to a `set_scitt_configuration` action:
```json
"authentication": {
  "allowUnauthenticated": false,
  "jwt": {
    "requiredClaims": {
      "foo": "bar",
    }
  }
}
```

## Policy object

### Accepted algorithms
List of accepted COSE signature algorithms when verifying signatures in submitted claims.
If not set, the default accepted algorithms are shown in the example snippet below.
- Note: Items in the accepted algorithms list are case sensitive.

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"acceptedAlgorithms": ["ES256", "ES384", "ES512", "PS256", "PS384", "PS512", "EDDSA"]
```

### Policy script
JS code that determines whether an entry should be accepted. Should export an `apply` function taking multiple arguments, and return true if the entry should be accepted or a string describing why the entry has failed the policy.

Policy scripts are executed by the [CCF JavaScript runtime](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/blob/main/include/ccf/js/core/runtime.h), which wraps and extends [QuickJS](https://bellard.org/quickjs/). Most ES2023 features are [supported](https://test262.fyi/#|qjs).

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"policy": {
  "policyScript": "export function apply (phdr, uhdr, payload, details) { return true; }"
}
```

Function argument mapping takes place in [`scitt::js::protected_header_to_js_val()`](https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/app/src/policy_engine.h).

Function arguments:
1. `protected_headers` (Object) representation of the subset of COSE protected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // Algorithm identifier (integer)
      alg?: number,
      
      // Critical headers array
      crit?: Array<number | string>,
      
      // Key ID
      kid?: string,
      
      // Issuer
      issuer?: string,
      
      // Feed
      feed?: string,
      
      // Issued at timestamp
      iat?: number,
      
      // Software version number
      svn?: number,
      
      // Content type (can be integer or string)
      cty?: number | string,
      
      // X.509 certificate chain (array of PEM strings)
      x5chain?: string[],
      
      // CWT Claims object
      cwt: {
        iss?: string,  // Issuer
        sub?: string,  // Subject
        iat?: number,  // Issued at
        svn?: number   // Software version number
      },
      
      // Microsoft CSS Dev TSS Map
      "msft-css-dev": {
        attestation?: ArrayBuffer,
        attestation_type?: string,
        
        // COSE Key object
        cose_key?: {
          kty?: number,           // Key type
          crv?: number,           // Curve (for EC keys)
          n?: ArrayBuffer,        // Modulus (for RSA keys)
          x_e?: ArrayBuffer,      // X coordinate (EC) or exponent (RSA)
          y?: ArrayBuffer         // Y coordinate (EC only)
        },
        
        // SHA-256 hash of COSE key (hex string)
        cose_key_sha256?: string,
        
        snp_endorsements?: ArrayBuffer,
        uvm_endorsements?: ArrayBuffer,
        ver?: number  // Version
      }
    }
    ```

2. `unprotected_headers` (Object) object representation of the subset of COSE unprotected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // X.509 certificate chain (array of PEM strings)
      x5chain?: string[]
    }
    ```

3. `payload` (ArrayBuffer)

    ```
    ArrayBuffer
    ```

4. `verified_sev_snp_details` (Object) present when signature issuer is `did:attestedsvc`, details added after the signature and the attestation verification

    ```
    {
      // Empty object if no attestation details
      // OR if attestation details exist:
      
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 7.3 - Table 23 for the semantics and size of the following fields before their
      // encoding to hex string.

      // Measurement (hex string)
      measurement?: string,
      
      // Report data (hex string)
      report_data?: string,

      // Host data (hex string)
      host_data?: string,

      // Reported TCB
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 2.2 (TCB_VERSION) for the semantics and size of the following fields
      // Note that the fmc field is only present on Turin platforms
      reported_tcb?: {
        microcode: number,   // Lowest current patch level of all cores
        snp: number,         // Security Version Number (SVN) of SNP firmware
        tee: number,         // SVN of PSP operating system
        boot_loader: number, // SVN of PSP bootloader
        fmc?: number,        // SVN of FMC fw
        hexstring: string    // Combined hexstring representation of the fields listed above
                             // Often used as a compact representation in security advisories
      },

      // Product name of the architecture, computed from the CPUID_FAM_ID and CPUID_MOD_ID fields
      // one of "Milan", "Genoa", "Turin".
      product_name?: string,
      
      // See https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64
      // for additional detail on the UVM Endorsements object and reference values for the Confidential ACI platform

      // UVM Endorsements object
      uvm_endorsements?: {
        did: string,   // Decentralized identifier
        feed: string,  // Feed identifier
        svn: string    // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

### Policy Rego
Rego code that determines whether an entry should be accepted. The package must be called "policy", and expose a rule called "allow" that must evaluate to `true` when the value of `input` is acceptable.

The package can also expose an "errors" rule that must evaluate to an object. The keys of that object, if set, will be returned to the caller as error reasons. This allows easy incremental definition of error reasons, for example:

```
errors["Invalid parameter value"] if { not parameter_is_valid }
```

Mapping from the Signed Statement to Rego `input` takes place in [`scitt::js::rego_input_from_signed_statement()`](https://github.com/microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger/blob/main/app/src/policy_engine.h).

Attributes in `input` object:
1. `phdr` (Object) representation of the subset of COSE protected header parameters parsed by scitt-ccf-ledger

    ```
    {
      // Algorithm identifier (integer)
      alg: number,
      
      // Content type (can be integer or string)
      cty?: number | string,
      
      // CWT Claims object
      "CWT Claims": {
        iss?: string,  // Issuer
        sub?: string,  // Subject
        iat?: number,  // Issued at
        _svn?: number   // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

2. `payload` (string)

    ```
    Hexadecimal representation
    ```

3. `attestation` (Object) present when signature issuer is `did:attestedsvc`, details added after the signature and the attestation verification

    ```
    {
      // Empty object if no attestation details
      // OR if attestation details exist:
      
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 7.3 - Table 23 for the semantics and size of the following fields before their
      // encoding to hex string.

      // Measurement (hex string)
      measurement?: string,
      
      // Report data (hex string)
      report_data?: string,

      // Host data (hex string)
      host_data?: string,

      // Reported TCB
      // See https://www.amd.com/content/dam/amd/en/documents/epyc-technical-docs/specifications/56860.pdf
      // Section 2.2 (TCB_VERSION) for the semantics and size of the following fields
      // Note that the fmc field is only present on Turin platforms
      reported_tcb?: {
        microcode: number,   // Lowest current patch level of all cores
        snp: number,         // Security Version Number (SVN) of SNP firmware
        tee: number,         // SVN of PSP operating system
        boot_loader: number, // SVN of PSP bootloader
        fmc?: number,        // SVN of FMC fw
        hexstring: string    // Combined hexstring representation of the fields listed above
                             // Often used as a compact representation in security advisories
      },

      // Product name of the architecture, computed from the CPUID_FAM_ID and CPUID_MOD_ID fields
      // one of "Milan", "Genoa", "Turin".
      product_name?: string,
      
      // See https://github.com/microsoft/confidential-aci-examples/blob/main/docs/Confidential_ACI_SCHEME.md#reference-info-base64
      // for additional detail on the UVM Endorsements object and reference values for the Confidential ACI platform

      // UVM Endorsements object
      uvm_endorsements?: {
        did: string,   // Decentralized identifier
        feed: string,  // Feed identifier
        svn: string    // Software version number
      }
    }
    ```

Example `set_scitt_configuration` snippet:
```json
"policy": {
  "policyRego": "package policy\ndefault allow := false\n allow if input.profile == \"X509\""
}
```

## CCF specific configuration

Please refer to the latest [CCF configuration documentation](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html) to understand all of the possible options.

### Receipt issuance

Receipts can contain the issuer and subject fields identifying the service.

To use the specific values in the receipts please set it through the [CCF v6 configuration](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/operations/configuration.html):

```json
"cose_signatures": {
  "issuer": "myservicedomain.com",
  "subject": "scitt.ccf.signature.v1"
}
```

Once the value is set, the public keys can be discoverd through the `$issuer/.well-known/transparency-configuration` endpoint.
